as an innovator and tactical apparel 511
tactical has delivered many firsts and
here is one more introducing the women's
tactical strike pant
built from the ground up with the female
operator in mind made with the unique
flex TAC stretch fabric the women's
strike pant features a contemporary
women's fit an elastic waistband for
complete comfort in any situation the
functional low profile cargo pockets
with Intermatic compartments allows you
to have what you need at your fingertips
the women's strike pant is lightweight
breathable and ready for any mission
we've set up a unique course of fire
named eight not nine and one of our
favorite female operators Jill Lee is
here to put the strike pant to the test
my name is Joe Lee I'm a detective I
also am an operator on a SWAT team I'm a
mom I'm the winner of the inaugural
CrossFit Games in 2007 alright let's do
this
the course that we set up was definitely
a good test for these pants all those
different positions allow me to feel how
these pants can be put through in a
real-life scenario the biggest
difference that I noticed between these
pants and other tdu tight pants that
I've worn before is that these are
obviously cut or a woman the women's
strike pant comes complete with
multi-use front thigh pockets and a
Cordura knife clip guard the diamond
gusseted crotch allows for maximum range
of motion and maximum durability the
women's strike pant only from 511
tactical I feel like 511 really hit it
on the mark with these strike pants I
feel like I could come out here on the
range and they would do their job I
could take him out on the street either
way I I feel like I would be ready
you